Minor: Add ParadeDB to the list of users (#9018)
apache/arrow-datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/introduction.md

- [LakeSoul](https://github.com/lakesoul-io/LakeSoul) Open source LakeHouse framework with native IO in Rust.
- [Lance](https://github.com/lancedb/lance) Modern columnar data format for ML
- [Parseable](https://github.com/parseablehq/parseable) Log storage and observability platform

> - [ParadeDB](https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb) PostgreSQL for Search

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ParadeDB](https://github.com/paradedb/paradedb) ParadeDB is an open source ElasticSearch alternative built on Postgres
```

Reviewer: But here is the question, how they use DF if they build on PG?

Reviewer 2: Quick clarification: We don't implement a foreign data wrapper, but rather a Table Access Method (where we swap the storage engine for Parquet, via `delta-rs`.

Also, I'll make a quick clarification PR on the branding, if that's okay :)
